This gem of a story dates back to 1907 when nine fishermen caught a giant sea monster that they claimed was a Cadborosaurus. However, the Casborosaurus is a creature whose existence- like the Yeti or Loch Ness sea monster- is often disputed, and many simply saw this photo as nine bored men with too much time on their hands. But what throws that common thought in doubt are the plethora of scientists who have since tried but failed to determine what kind of creature it is. Surely, then, researchers who assessed it would have noticed if it were indeed fake? I guess we'll never know.

  Care homes are sad places and are perhaps only surpassed by hospitals and hospices in regards to their depressing realities. After all, many have loved and lost, while others look back at how it used to be. But according to one old lady, her daily dose of nostalgia came in the form of her husband's ghost. Even her family have sworn that no man was present when the photo was captured. Either that or they have terrible memories....

What the actual hell? At least, that would be most people's reactions when faced with the menacing eyes of this specter!

The story dates back to the mid-90s when two friends entered a cave in Ras el Khaimah (one of the seven emirates of the UAE.) But it's what happened after that really startled them. Yes, the monster you see above was apparently captured on camera without even being witnessed by the human eye. However, both heard a haunting scream after the particular photo was taken. Freaked out, both rushed to the authorities and on their return with the police, a mutilated human body was found. Spooky, or just plain fakery?

Okay, this is just plain spooky! The supposed 'ghost' was caught on camera in 1945 when an Australian mother took a photo of her late daughter's grave. Though when the film developed, a picture of a mystified-looking baby appeared. 

The scariest part? In 1990, a paranormal researcher investigated the graveyard only to discover that the bodies of two infant girls were buried in a nearby grave. 

Though it may look like the beginnings of a Hollywood horror, this photo was instead taken in the comfort of the Cooper's family dining room. But ominously spotted in the background was a mysterious figure dangling from the ceiling. Whether you believe in its authenticity or not, there's no denying that this spine-chilling image could give even the bravest nightmares for eternity. 
